c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Project1.exe.config
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Project1.exe
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Project1.pdb
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.Form1.resources
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.exe
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.pdb
c:\users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.LoginForm2.resources
c:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.ImageViewer.resources
c:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.TextEditor.resources
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.SignUp.resources
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.MediaPlayer.resources
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\bin\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.AdminForm.resources
C:\Users\bhavsartej97\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Project1\Project1\obj\Debug\Project1.FlashPlayer.resources
